NEWS: add two news items (#358)
numpy/numpy.org: content/en/news.md

sidebar: false
---

### Python 3.9 is coming, when will NumPy release binary wheels?

_Sept 14, 2020_ -- Python 3.9 will be released in a few weeks. If you are an
early adopter of Python versions, you may be dissapointed to find that NumPy
(and other binary packages like SciPy) will not have binary wheels ready on the
day of the release. It is a major effort to adapt the build infrastructure to a

> new Python versiontypically takes a few weeks for the packages to appear

Reviewer: ```suggestion
new Python version and it typically takes a few weeks for the packages to appear
```

on PyPI and conda forge. In preparation for this event, please make sure to
- update your `pip` to version 20.1 at least to support `manylinux2010` and
  `manylinux2014`
- use [`--only-binary=numpy`](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/reference/pip_install/#cmdoption-only-binary) or `--only-binary=:all:` to prevent `pip` from
  trying to build from source.

### Numpy 1.19.2 release

_Sept 10, 2020_ -- [NumPy
1.19.2](https://numpy.org/devdocs/release/1.19.2-notes.html) is now available.
This latest release in the 1.19 series fixes several bugs, prepares for the
[upcoming Cython 3.x

> release](http://docs.cython.org/en/latest/src/changes.html).  and pins

Reviewer: ```suggestion
release](http://docs.cython.org/en/latest/src/changes.html) and pins
```
